# Filename	: $HOME/.mailcap
# Use		: associates filetypes and applications
# Author	: Will Maier <willmaier@ml1.net>
# Updated	: 2005.07.25 11:45:35

application/x-ogg;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/ogg;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
text/vnd.rn-realtext;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
image/vnd.rn-realpix;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/smil;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/mp3;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-mp3;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/mpeg;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/mpg;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-mpeg;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-mpg;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/mpegurl;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-mpegurl;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/wav;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-wav;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-pn-wav;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-pn-windows-acm;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-pn-windows-pcm;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/vnd.rn-realmedia-secure;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/vnd.rn-realaudio-secure;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-realaudio-secure;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
video/vnd.rn-realvideo-secure;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/vnd.rn-realaudio;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-realaudio;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/vnd.rn-realmedia;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
image/vnd.rn-realpix;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-pn-realaudio;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
video/vnd.rn-realvideo;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/vnd.rn-realsystem-rmj;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/vnd.rn-realsystem-rmx;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/aac;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/m4a;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/mp2;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/mp1;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/rn-mpeg;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/scpls;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-scpls;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/streamingmedia;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/sdp;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
application/x-sdp;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/basic;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-pn-au;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/aiff;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-aiff;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-pn-aiff;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
video/3gpp;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
video/3gpp-encrypted;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/3gpp;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/3gpp-encrypted;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/amr;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/amr-encrypted;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/amr-wb;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/amr-wb-encrypted;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-rn-3gpp-amr;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-rn-3gpp-amr-encrypted;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-rn-3gpp-amr-wb;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
audio/x-rn-3gpp-amr-wb-encrypted;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s
video/3gpp2;/usr/local/Realplayer/realplay %s

# Mutt HTML mail hacks
#text/html; elinks -dump -dump-charset iso-8859-15 -default-mime-type text/html %s; needsterminal; copiousoutput;
text/html; lynx --dump %s; nametemplate=%s.html; copiousoutput
